# The Hedelion War

The world has only known war and conflict. Never has there been a sizable manifestation of peace, even the gods themselves seek glorification over a simple existence. **Zeitazel**, Lord of Torment and Fear, demanded an audience  with Aszaurel, Lord of the Celestial and highest of the gods. The two opposing forces stood in a great marble hall surrounded by the stirring sea.

**Zeitazel** requested from Aszaurel, "I wish dominion over the Eastern seas. It's people need guidance, Hedelion, the sea creature has poisoned their minds.  He means to swallow them into the sea, never to see the light of day again.""**Zeitazel**," spoke Aszaurel, " I cannot relinquish the power that you seek." "Worthless fool, do you not realize the potential of my power? I can unite the gods us and bring us everlasting peace. With your blessing, I will do so" said **Zeitazel**. "With one hand you offer peace, yet the other would have me crawling as a starving dog digging for scraps. I will not allow you to occupy  this domain ever again. I therefore banish you from my kingdom and out of my sight. But I bestow onto you a new title, 'Lord of the Underworld.' May you forever live in deep dank darkness. "If you will not give up your power freely, then I and the gods loyal to me shall take it by force."

And so began the Hedelion War, the gods of fire, sea, and havoc with the goddesses of earth, mind, and death joined forces with **Zeitazel**. The gods of strength, thunder, and beasts with the goddesses of ice, sky, serenity, and life fought with Aszaurel. The Hedelion War destroyed all chances of peace among gods and man. As war raged through the heavens, so too did it do so here.